# Reklamations E-Mail Generierung via Server


## 1. Requirements
Install requirements using:
```bash
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```


## 2. Generation Server
Start the server for inference by calling:
```bash
python3 -m inference.generation_server
```


The server starts the model, takes the Reklamations-ID or a formatted input as input and returns the generated answer if the ID is in the database.

With the flag --mongo_db you can turn on using MongoDB for the server.
You are then prompted to type in your MongoDB user name and password for the database queries:
```bash
MongoDB Username:
MongoDB Password: 
```


## 3. Generation API
See inference/generation_api.py for the simple API to receive an answer from the model on the server based on an ID or a structured input with the specified columns shown in section 5 below.

A generation_client is instantiated by calling <b>generation_client(hostname, port)</b> with the host name and port of the generation server as input.

<b>generation_client.generate_answer_from_input(input_text)</b> gets a structured input dictionary with prompt as input sends it to the server and returns the answer generated by the model on the server.

<b>generation_client.generate_answer_from_id(input_id)</b> gets a reklamations-ID as input, sends it to the server, which queries the information from the MongoDB database and generated the answer. The method returns the answer generated by the model on the server. The MongoDB flag has to be turned on for this.

## 4. Example Client
An example client program is started by calling:
```bash
python3 -m inference.api_access_example
```
The client connects to the server and can send a Reklamations-ID or the formatted input (see below), which is sent to the server to receive the generated answer in return. Check the file inference/api_access_example.py for how to access the server, i.e. send IDs and receive answers.


## 5. Input Information

Use the function get_input_string_from_dict(inputdict: dict) data/data_preparation.py to turn a dictionary with the given columns to the model input string.






